what's going on guys to market J this is
a ground war domination match on the map
crack gonna be using an MP L with the
dual magazine marathon pro side and pro
hardline look at that YY pro why I like
a champ why I want like like it like
it's my job blah and I get the second
blood and I get the third death well
yeah yeah as a third day wasn't my third
dip but overall is a third dip coach
always just tell me Cujo even though he
missed couple shots get back in the game
and keep shooting keep shooting you
gonna miss sometimes team a jump on them
flag with me alright he jumped on the
flag
alright cool don't you hate that like
you have you'll see the flag just
sitting there by itself and your
teammates are by it they don't want to
jump on it but right when you jump on it
they want to jump on it which you like
why why didn't you jump whatever fool
why are you waiting for me to jump on it
I'm not even more flat jacking I'm
jumping on it first that's the thing I
appreciate people that jump on the flag
first not for someone that that waits
for someone else to take the initiative
but I do that too sometimes there's
times where like I'm like hey man I need
some support guys help me out
and there's some times where I can just
jump on the flag freely without using
flight jacket tag mask class so you know
s I just wanted the situations that
happen sometimes and as you can see in
this gameplay everybody still sit at the
back of the spawn there's times where I
don't always go for the B flight right
when the game starts because I want to
rush to the to the enemy spawn this is
shake em up group quaking about their
little comfort zones because in
domination seems that a lot of times
people want to go set up on certain
spots like all right they'll spawn then
they'll run up to this area yeah my face
looks pretty they'll run to a certain
area and just set up right there and
pretty much just wait for the action to
go down so what I like to do I like to
just rush directly to respond maybe with
a light weight marathon class but I
usually like to wear marathon because
obviously for an unlimited sprint so
that's just one of my favorite things to
do and if I'm knowing I'm planning it's
a really strong squad then I'll go for
the D flag immediately and I do get my
kudos immediately a little oh let's go
cool
I look at you you don't know what about
to say let's go Cujo the c-4 was a fail
but look at this guy
what are you doing he trying to strike a
pose on a on a rock or something with a
sniper rifle no way oh cool
Kim Cujo can't get fool Cujo just saved
my life oh you a doggy biscuit Cujo all
over you some some doggy biscuits you
can take the doggy biscuits and I'll
take all these kills how about that cool
article article
so anyways look at this look at him
looking kills its tagging of Churchill
Churchill damn oh man this is a good
game I had a lot of fun this match
anyways I cut the sharpener out right
there and yo the commentator shit on
just happened I play second overall I
think I did a pretty good job I place
first on the first commentator showdown
so I didn't uh I did give my belt to the
to the game 360 boob shoutouts to the
game 360 plays first I placed second
pulse on for higher place third and
those two guys man they deserve a lot
more recognition matter by not everybody
but a lot of people give me credit for
being this you know good player and I
like type of stuff but I feel that a lot
of people leave out the game 360
imposter those guys are are just good
man so look out for those guys
especially the game 360 I feel that a
lot of people just they they're sleeping
on him and they're sleeping maybe
because he doesn't he's not posting too
many black ops videos right now I heard
he's on vacation playing oh he smacked
did he smack my tooth out in my mouth
and what was that much my tooth is in my
hand from that shotgun blast man come on
ah at least give me a warning when my
friends Kujo right Poseidon - alright I
was crazy
ly a man shoutouts to pawn star for hard
to game 360 maybe next time in the next
commentary showdown I come back and get
my belt I take it from the k36 I'm like
Eric get my bill make it my bill not
like no kidding
see that's the thing me Arabic cool like
that if anybody beats me you know it's
the game 360 it's like anytime me and
Eric earn the room it's like Ryu vs. Ken
you never know who's gonna win there
that's why I really I really enjoyed
playing against him he's like he's a
strong player zone shout-out to him he's
cool and all so see ya in this gameplay
look at that commando lunch oh yeah
shoutouts everybody
to participate in the commentary
showdown and shoutouts to two fuzzy Auto
balls yo man I can't say her name this
fuzzy otter balls every time I say that
name I feel that I'm I don't know it
don't feel right
well shout outs to him and the aviary
they're doing the shoutcasting for that
did a great job I was listening to it
for a little bit before and after I was
playing so shanem and shots everybody
come over there and watch you know I had
a good time man
look hopefully next time I'll get the
first place and if you wanted me to show
the last match of the showdown where I
was in last place a whole entire match
and I came back and got first barely let
me know if you want to see that I'll put
that in my next video might get my kudos
again let's go Cujo and John Turkey take
it away man let's go I got one fucking
black bird chopper gonna dog my name on
the J imma bring it to the brawl
I got my fucking black bird chopper
gonna dog my name on the Jay imma bring
it to me wrong chopper gunner not my
chopper gonna get got my chopper girl
got my childhood got my chopper gunner
got my chocolate or the kid got my
chopper cutting my god
you can't hide from the S all I've read
those throw bullets like Bret fall
people say I got anybody do me a favor
go back to Game Stop give them your game
get money back by man create your own
running back and give them the best
stance the team can't touch my team I
bet that Blackbird chopper gunner dog my
name Arthur J imma bring it to the brawl
I got my fucking Blackbird chopper gonna
dog my name Arthur J i'ma bringing y'all
my stuff Jagga stuff so yeah I got the
bravery can't see one of the things I've
noticed that in my game that I always
always try to do nowadays is that if I'm
if I'm feeling really comfortable in the
match then I'll wait until I die to call
my blood burden that way I can I can
can't I like knock in time what was that
I can't can continue my you know my
killer shoes is going out there I die so
I get another kill streak faster rather
than calling the black bear and trying
to stay on the long kill streak I'll
just die they call my black bears so
that's something I I really recommend to
do with this guy real quick and you know
thanks everybody you been supporting me
I've been I've been getting a lot of
support lately man I'm just I'm tired as
hell right now just got to move into my
apartment yesterday it's we moved for
about like 10 straight hours so I'm so
exhausted I'm tired but yo thanks man
thanks for all the support guys I really
appreciate it final score is 100
something I can't see you right now
well thanks for watching peace I'm out